User guide updates bpm panel (#197)
pylhc/pylhc.github.io: docs/guis/betabeat/settings.md

- **Run Per-File Tasks in Parallel**:
  If active, tasks that are started together but can run independently per file will be run in individual tasks in parallel,
  e.g. the `harpy` analysis will be run in parallel for each turn-by-turn file, even if started with multiple files selected at once.
  When running `optics analysis`, with _combine analysis_ deactivated, the analysis will be run in parallel for each file.

>   Conversely, if the user opts to also run the `optics analysis` directly from the BPM-Panel with _combine analysis_ activated, the `harpy` analysis of the files will be run sequentially per file in python,
>   as multiprocessing is not implemented in python.

Reviewer: Suggested phrasing:

```suggestion
  Conversely, if opting to also run the `optics analysis` directly from the BPM-Panel with _combine analysis_ activated, the `harpy` analysis will be run sequentially per file, as it is not explicitely parallelized on the python side.
```
